Add 'Releasing a New Version' section to CONTRIBUTING (#15751)
Azure/azure-sdk-tools: tools/azsdk-cli/Azure.Sdk.Tools.Cli/CONTRIBUTING.md

4. Open a PR against `Azure/azure-sdk-tools:main`; the CI pipeline (`tools/azsdk-cli/ci.yml`) runs build + tests across platforms.
5. Tag a code owner from the `Tools` area for review.

## Releasing a New Version

> Releases are published to [GitHub Releases](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-tools/releases) by the CI pipeline ([`ci.yml`](../ci.yml)), which runs automatically on every merge to `main`. The releaser does three things:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Releases are published to [GitHub Releases](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-tools/releases) by the CI pipeline ([`ci.yml`](../ci.yml)), which runs automatically on every merge to `main`. The release driver needs to  do three things:
```

### 1. Update the changelog and merge

In [`CHANGELOG.md`](./CHANGELOG.md), rename the current `## <version> (Unreleased)` heading to `## <version> (<YYYY-MM-DD>)` (format `yyyy-MM-dd`). Add user-visible entries under `Features Added` / `Breaking Changes` / `Bugs Fixed` / `Other Changes`, and remove any empty sections. Open a PR with this change and get it merged to `main`.

CI's `VerifyChangelog: true` flag in `ci.yml` verifies the package version in [`Azure.Sdk.Tools.Cli.csproj`](./Azure.Sdk.Tools.Cli.csproj) has a matching changelog entry; the release stage will fail if the entry is still `(Unreleased)`, the date isn't the latest in the file, or any sections are empty.

### 2. Approve the release stage

> Merging triggers the [CI pipeline](https://dev.azure.com/azure-sdk/internal/_build?definitionId=7684). Once it reaches the release stage, click **Approve** on the run. Approval is required from an Azure SDK team member &mdash; ping a code owner if needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CI pipeline [CI pipeline](https://dev.azure.com/azure-sdk/internal/_build?definitionId=7684) is automatically run after each change to Azure SDK Tools MCP server is merged. Once it reaches the release stage, click **Approve** on the run. Approval is required from an Azure SDK team member. 
```
